Name:	Herman Åberg
Course:	D0037D

Reflection:

	Task 3:
		Not challenging at all, but that is to be expected. Not really anything that I would change with it.

	Task 4:
		I went a bit overkill with this task. Because I have been interested in C++ for quite some time and have some experience
		with it I got quite into it. Something I would improve about this task is that it should state that you do not need to
		store more than one word in name and address. Because std::cin stops at the next blankspace it is not fit for taking in
		a name or address because at the very least addresses contain a blankspace most of the time and people might type not
		just thier first name. I ovarcane this by making use if std::getline() from <sstream>. Otherwise I quite like this task.

	Task 5:
		Task 5 was by far the hardest out of the bunch. Almost only because I was not used to the syntax of scanf_s(), But I did
		figure it out with some help and a lot of searching online. I was not as motivated for this task as the one before and I
		think it shows quite well. Of course it still does what is's supposed to do, but it does not accept blankspaces in name
		or address and I didn't feel like making it do that either. Afterall I already have written something that does that in
		Task 4.

	Task 6:
		I can't say that it was a hard task, but it was one that I quite like. It required some thinking and was quite
		satisfying when I got it to work the way I wanted.

	Task 7:
		In this task I took the opportunity to use try and catch, even though it might not be the best solution. I also wanted
		to use a function that takes in a reference instead of returning something. There are still some stuff that I'm not that
		happy about with it. One thing in particular is that it does not give you a warning if you enter for example 1.345. I
		can of course change the int to a float and then check if (int) n != n, but I wanted to find another solution. In the
		end I just left it as an int and let it be.

	Task 8:
		This was another one of fun task. After getting somewhat used to scanf_s() in Task 5 it was not hard to complete this
		one. There was a typo in the instructions but it just made it a bit more interesting. Even though I say that it is
		probably a good idea to fix the typo.

	Task 9:
		I think out of all of the tasks this one required the most amount of thinking. Never been good at this syntax.

Other notes:

	The amount of time I spent on this lab was probably not more than 8 - 12h. A lot of it was spent on figuring out scanf_s().

	If you exclude scanf_s() then I think that this lab was at the right difficulty. There was nothing that I felt was to
	complicated compared to what we learned in Python 3.7. I belive that most of the tasks required you to think and made you learn
	a bit more about C++ and it's syntax.

	Because I used Visual Studio 2019 there might be some problems running my code in Visual Studio 2017. The code works fine for me
	and if it doesn't for you then that might be the reason. Or there might be some other problem that I have no idea about.
